---
title:  "EVALUATION OF THE CONFOCAL MICROSCOPE "
mathjax: true
layout: post
categories: media
---

Zemax OpticStudio software allows the evaluation of the performance of any optical system using different metrics, including the analysis of the spot diagram, the aberrations present at each surface of the system, and the impulse response and its reciprocal Fourier transform. All these analyses are available on the Analyze tab of the software. Without any loss of generality, we have evaluated the performance of the proposed confocal microscope by analyzing the aberrations through the Seidel, the system's frequency response through the Modulation Transfer Function (MTF), and the variation of the spot size.
First, let us start with the Seidel diagram, which provides information about the aberrations up to the third order. In other words, Zemax OpticStudio informs us about the following aberrations: spherical aberration, coma, astigmatism, field curvature, distortion, axial color, and lateral color. A more detailed information of these optical aberrations can be found in (Dereniak, 2008). Based on the Seidel diagram, we found that spherical and axial color aberrations were the only ones present in the system. Spherical aberration is present when the outer parts of an optical element do not focus the light rays at the same axial plane, generating a blurred image. On the other hand, axial color aberration is a type of chromatic aberration caused by the fact that light rays focus on different axial planes based on wavelength/color. In other words, if the material of the optical element presents normal dispersion, blue light always focuses on planes before red light. The aspheric condenser lens introduced these aberrations. However, since the light passes through the condenser lens twice (e.g., forward in the illumination system and reverse in the detection system), these aberrations cancel each other, not affecting the final performance of the confocal microscope (e.g., at the image plane there are not aberrations distorting the confocal system). 
![Figure 3.]
